everybody this is Alexander with shades
OD calm today I'm going to compare and
contrast Ray Ban aviators and Raven
wavers both of these classes are
arguably their best sellers and our
absolutely iconic glasses and in their
own right very very different and fit a
different style and a different
personality for whoever wears them so
the first pair I'm going to show you is
the aviator the pair of sunglasses that
was made so famous so many years ago by
Tom Cruise in Top Gun I'll try them on
so this pair as you can see has not
changed at all in design it's very slick
it's very sleek it has a thin frame the
metal frames there have been different
variations introduced over the years
where there are different colors of the
frame so this gold section you can find
it in black you can find silver you can
put in a lot of different colors and you
can also find the lenses in different
colors as well different gradient colors
different mirror lenses different
varieties that come out over the years
so this is absolutely foolproof this is
effortless this is going to elevate any
outfit that you wear and just give you
this a list level of glamour and perfect
for both men and women aviators and the
next pair that I have are the Lakers
which is a again black plastic frame is
what I have here this is the new wave
hair so there are two different types of
Wayfarers I have been introduced over
the years the originals that you'll see
the lenses were slanted a bit forward
but more or less the design has to do
the same and this pair also made
immensely popular by mr. Tom Cruise in
risky business
as you can see fossil frames the lenses
and these are more cool you know cool
guy hipster guy made extremely popular
in the last few years with the new
movement a lot of musicians where he
needs a lot of different colors and
different
patterns with the weepers so these are a
bit more fun a bit more young will liven
up really whatever hour you wear any
transition from both perfect for men and
women so whichever is your personal
style we have both a shade Cybercom
where you can see the different
varieties and combinations that we have
and choose the best pair for you